1. Actually i have been working on qjumpers project till mid of may even i had worked on 26 may for resolving some issue related tinymce

2. apart from that i learning new react concept , watching video on youtube.

currently i dont have access fro udyme and i already sent mail to ruby bakshi for enabling my account.

and i had started node js course enroll for node js course in harbinger LMS



-------------------------------------------------

O3 ---

1.improvement/achived in daily man hours.

2.for qjumpers project in this lockdown session we worked for more than 12 hrs daily and 

even we worked saturday and sunday and i have not added that working day in compansatory off

3.i have completed all my tasks in given timline. somtimes there was mistake from side for giving estimation for particular 

tasks so i have updated that time estimation according to different scanario but then complete it in that estmated time.

4.on that day my work is on QA machine qa machine is pc machine where environment is setup for my work but since morning that machine

is not free other peoples are using it . milind also told in group once they completed then you start.

i got machine in the evening may be after 6 and that task is complicated i need to write alogrith for that ..

and machine hanging problem is going on since morning.... even i was facing machine hanup problem and i discussed the same with milind , team members , kailash and my task was not completed i was not able to work so finaly milind told me to work tommoow in the morning 7.15 am 

and i have started working 7 am and completed that tasks on sunday.







Recording one incident that took place for fixing Tiny MCE issue - I do understand that Ganesh was working for late night hours to overcome one issue. But finally had to take decision to complete the changes next day early morning. So Manager had to report to customer about waiting for one more day to have Tiny MCE issue fix in place.When your manager is continuing to work with you late night, usually you should continue till you get production issue resolved and not stop half way for any reason.


